2018/iceland.md, before:

# Iceland

* [Reykjavík](#reykjavík)
* [Selfoss](#selfoss)
* [Vik](#vik)

## <a name="reykjavík"></a> Reykjavík

### Getting there

* Fly into Keflavik International

### Places to stay
- **Airbnb***
- [Reykjavik Lights Hotel](https://www.booking.com/hotel/is/reykjavik-lights.html)
- [Northern Light Inn](https://www.booking.com/hotel/is/northern-light-inn.html?aid=1143113) (not in Reykjavik; closer to Airport/Blue Lagoon)

### Things to do
- [I Heart Reykjavik Walking Tour](https://iheartreykjavik.net/the-tours/our-tours/the-iheart-reykjavik-walking-tour/)
- [Hallgrimskirkja Church](https://visitreykjavik.is/hallgrimskirkja-church)
- [Icelandic Phallological Museum](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g189970-d2039593-Reviews-Icelandic_Phallological_Museum-Reykjavik_Capital_Region.html)
- Reykjavik Excursions: [Northern Lights Tour](https://www.re.is/day-tours/northern-lights-tour)
- [Blue Lagoon](https://booking.bluelagoon.com/guests) + [in-water massage](https://www.bluelagoon.com/topics/in-water-massage)
- [Drive the South Coast](https://iheartreykjavik.net/2018/08/should-i-do-the-golden-circle-or-the-south-coast/)
- Drive the [Golden Circle](https://expertvagabond.com/golden-circle-iceland/)
- [Thrihnukagigur Volcano tour](https://insidethevolcano.com/the-tour/)

### Food
- [Prikid](http://prikid.is/)
- [Sægreifinn (The Seabaron)](http://www.saegreifinn.is/en/) for lobster stew
- [Fish Market](http://www.fiskmarkadurinn.is/)
- [Grillmarket](http://www.grillmarkadurinn.is/en/)
- Brunch at [Coocoo's Nest](https://www.coocoosnest.is/)
- lamb soup
- fish stew

### Car rental
- [Auto Europe](https://www.autoeurope.com/car-rental-iceland/?aff=MISSTOURIST)
- [RentalCars.com](https://www.rentalcars.com/en/country/is/?affiliateCode=misstouri978)
- [Everything you need to know about renting a car in Iceland](https://livelifewithaview.com/everything-you-need-know-car-rental-iceland/)

## <a name="selfoss"></a> Selfoss

### Getting there
- [Reykjavik to Selfoss](https://goo.gl/maps/1m7JooBgJQ62): ~46m
- [Vik to Selfoss](https://goo.gl/maps/aSxmzgx1S8M2): ~1h36m
- [Airport to Selfoss](https://goo.gl/maps/pXhVHjuy9KN2): ~1h17m

### Places to stay
- [Marta House](https://www.booking.com/hotel/is/marta-house.html)
- [Minniborgir Cottages](https://www.expedia.com/South-Iceland-Hotels-Minniborgir-Cottages.h8284462.Hotel-Information)
- **[Guesthouse Bitra B&B](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Hotel_Review-g315852-d3411014-Reviews-Guesthouse_Bitra_B_B-Selfoss_South_Region.html)***

### Things to do

- [Selfoss Geyser](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g315852-d553848-Reviews-Selfoss_Geyser-Selfoss_South_Region.html)
- [Kerid Crater](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g315852-d3530877-Reviews-Kerid_Crater-Selfoss_South_Region.html)
- [Secret Lagoon](https://secretlagoon.is/)
- Eat at [Fjörborðið](https://www.fjorubordid.is/english/)
- Hot dogs at [Pylsuvagninn](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Restaurant_Review-g315852-d7795607-Reviews-Pylsuvagninn-Selfoss_South_Region.html)
- [Restaurant Varma](http://www.frostogfuni.is/restaurant-varma/menus/) at Frost & Fire Hotel
- [Kaffi Krus](https://kaffikrus.is/)

## <a name="vik"></a> Vik

### Getting there
- [Reykjavik to Vik](https://goo.gl/maps/br6Ey9on8Ep): ~2h26m
- [Selfoss to Vik](https://goo.gl/maps/1ioJEM7hjxR2): ~1h40m
- [Airport to Vik](https://goo.gl/maps/b7WFzuH9WhD2): ~2h55m

### Places to stay
- [Vik Hostel](https://iheartreykjavik.net/2013/05/vik-hostel-a-cozy-and-welcoming-placeto-rest-your-weary-head-in-south-iceland/)
- [Guesthouse Carina](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Hotel_Review-g189978-d8593343-Reviews-Guesthouse_Carina-Vik_South_Region.html)
- [Icelandair Hotel Vik](https://www.booking.com/hotel/is/vik-i-myrdal.en-us.html)
- **[Guesthouse Steig](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Hotel_Review-g189978-d2160873-Reviews-Guesthouse_Steig-Vik_South_Region.html)***

### Things to do

- Glacier Walk
  - **[Extreme Iceland](https://www.extremeiceland.is/en/destinations/south-iceland/glacier-hiking)***
  - [I Heart Reykjavik partner tour](https://iheartreykjavik.net/the-tours/partner-tours/glacier-walk-in-solheimajokull/)
- [Reyniksfjara Beach](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g189978-d8004333-Reviews-Reynisfjara_Beach-Vik_South_Region.html)
- [Dyrholaey arch](https://guidetoiceland.is/connect-with-locals/jorunnsg/dyrholaey-the-arch-with-the-hole)
- [Seljavallalaug Pool](https://iheartreykjavik.net/2013/05/seljavallalaug-a-hiidden-gem-in-south-iceland/)
- Buy wool at [Vikurprjon](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g189978-d10330838-Reviews-Vikurprjon_Wool_Factory-Vik_South_Region.html)
- Pizza at [Halldorskaffi](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Restaurant_Review-g189978-d1866968-Reviews-Halldorskaffi-Vik_South_Region.html)
- [Sudur Vik](https://www.facebook.com/Sudurvik)

## Tips
- [How to Photograph the Northern Lights](https://www.davemorrowphotography.com/2014/10/how-to-photograph-northern-lights.html)
- [5-day Iceland Itinerary](https://www.findingtheuniverse.com/5-day-iceland-itinerary/)
- Avoid renting with [Green Motion car rental](https://www.theguardian.com/money/2015/oct/31/car-hire-green-motion-damage)

Commit message:

Car rental info for Iceland

2018/iceland.md, after:

# Iceland

* [Reykjavík](#reykjavík)
* [Selfoss](#selfoss)
* [Vik](#vik)

## <a name="reykjavík"></a> Reykjavík

### Getting there

* Fly into Keflavik International

### Places to stay
- **Airbnb***
- [Reykjavik Lights Hotel](https://www.booking.com/hotel/is/reykjavik-lights.html)
- [Northern Light Inn](https://www.booking.com/hotel/is/northern-light-inn.html?aid=1143113) (not in Reykjavik; closer to Airport/Blue Lagoon)

### Things to do
- [I Heart Reykjavik Walking Tour](https://iheartreykjavik.net/the-tours/our-tours/the-iheart-reykjavik-walking-tour/)
- [Hallgrimskirkja Church](https://visitreykjavik.is/hallgrimskirkja-church)
- [Icelandic Phallological Museum](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g189970-d2039593-Reviews-Icelandic_Phallological_Museum-Reykjavik_Capital_Region.html)
- Reykjavik Excursions: [Northern Lights Tour](https://www.re.is/day-tours/northern-lights-tour)
- [Blue Lagoon](https://booking.bluelagoon.com/guests) + [in-water massage](https://www.bluelagoon.com/topics/in-water-massage)
- [Drive the South Coast](https://iheartreykjavik.net/2018/08/should-i-do-the-golden-circle-or-the-south-coast/)
- Drive the [Golden Circle](https://expertvagabond.com/golden-circle-iceland/)
- [Thrihnukagigur Volcano tour](https://insidethevolcano.com/the-tour/)

### Food
- [Prikid](http://prikid.is/)
- [Sægreifinn (The Seabaron)](http://www.saegreifinn.is/en/) for lobster stew
- [Fish Market](http://www.fiskmarkadurinn.is/)
- [Grillmarket](http://www.grillmarkadurinn.is/en/)
- Brunch at [Coocoo's Nest](https://www.coocoosnest.is/)
- lamb soup
- fish stew

### Car rental
- [Auto Europe](https://www.autoeurope.com/car-rental-iceland/?aff=MISSTOURIST)
- [RentalCars.com](https://www.rentalcars.com/en/country/is/?affiliateCode=misstouri978)
- **[Lagoon Car Rental](https://lagooncarrental.is/)***
- [Everything you need to know about renting a car in Iceland](https://livelifewithaview.com/everything-you-need-know-car-rental-iceland/)
- [Where to get the cheapest fuel in Iceland](https://www.northbound.is/blog/190/where-to-get-the-cheapest-fuel-in-iceland)

## <a name="selfoss"></a> Selfoss

### Getting there
- [Reykjavik to Selfoss](https://goo.gl/maps/1m7JooBgJQ62): ~46m
- [Vik to Selfoss](https://goo.gl/maps/aSxmzgx1S8M2): ~1h36m
- [Airport to Selfoss](https://goo.gl/maps/pXhVHjuy9KN2): ~1h17m

### Places to stay
- [Marta House](https://www.booking.com/hotel/is/marta-house.html)
- [Minniborgir Cottages](https://www.expedia.com/South-Iceland-Hotels-Minniborgir-Cottages.h8284462.Hotel-Information)
- **[Guesthouse Bitra B&B](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Hotel_Review-g315852-d3411014-Reviews-Guesthouse_Bitra_B_B-Selfoss_South_Region.html)***

### Things to do

- [Selfoss Geyser](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g315852-d553848-Reviews-Selfoss_Geyser-Selfoss_South_Region.html)
- [Kerid Crater](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g315852-d3530877-Reviews-Kerid_Crater-Selfoss_South_Region.html)
- [Secret Lagoon](https://secretlagoon.is/)
- Eat at [Fjörborðið](https://www.fjorubordid.is/english/)
- Hot dogs at [Pylsuvagninn](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Restaurant_Review-g315852-d7795607-Reviews-Pylsuvagninn-Selfoss_South_Region.html)
- [Restaurant Varma](http://www.frostogfuni.is/restaurant-varma/menus/) at Frost & Fire Hotel
- [Kaffi Krus](https://kaffikrus.is/)

## <a name="vik"></a> Vik

### Getting there
- [Reykjavik to Vik](https://goo.gl/maps/br6Ey9on8Ep): ~2h26m
- [Selfoss to Vik](https://goo.gl/maps/1ioJEM7hjxR2): ~1h40m
- [Airport to Vik](https://goo.gl/maps/b7WFzuH9WhD2): ~2h55m

### Places to stay
- [Vik Hostel](https://iheartreykjavik.net/2013/05/vik-hostel-a-cozy-and-welcoming-placeto-rest-your-weary-head-in-south-iceland/)
- [Guesthouse Carina](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Hotel_Review-g189978-d8593343-Reviews-Guesthouse_Carina-Vik_South_Region.html)
- [Icelandair Hotel Vik](https://www.booking.com/hotel/is/vik-i-myrdal.en-us.html)
- **[Guesthouse Steig](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Hotel_Review-g189978-d2160873-Reviews-Guesthouse_Steig-Vik_South_Region.html)***

### Things to do

- Glacier Walk
  - **[Extreme Iceland](https://www.extremeiceland.is/en/destinations/south-iceland/glacier-hiking)***
  - [I Heart Reykjavik partner tour](https://iheartreykjavik.net/the-tours/partner-tours/glacier-walk-in-solheimajokull/)
- [Reyniksfjara Beach](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g189978-d8004333-Reviews-Reynisfjara_Beach-Vik_South_Region.html)
- [Dyrholaey arch](https://guidetoiceland.is/connect-with-locals/jorunnsg/dyrholaey-the-arch-with-the-hole)
- [Seljavallalaug Pool](https://iheartreykjavik.net/2013/05/seljavallalaug-a-hiidden-gem-in-south-iceland/)
- Buy wool at [Vikurprjon](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g189978-d10330838-Reviews-Vikurprjon_Wool_Factory-Vik_South_Region.html)
- Pizza at [Halldorskaffi](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Restaurant_Review-g189978-d1866968-Reviews-Halldorskaffi-Vik_South_Region.html)
- [Sudur Vik](https://www.facebook.com/Sudurvik)

## Tips
- [How to Photograph the Northern Lights](https://www.davemorrowphotography.com/2014/10/how-to-photograph-northern-lights.html)
- [5-day Iceland Itinerary](https://www.findingtheuniverse.com/5-day-iceland-itinerary/)
- Avoid renting with [Green Motion car rental](https://www.theguardian.com/money/2015/oct/31/car-hire-green-motion-damage)
